  https://codepen.io/proach123/pen/vYYeXmL?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is HTML with semantics as in with meaning and clarity for coder comprehension.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is the skeleton of the web and is used for communication between computers and servers hosted on the internet. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute modifies the default purpose of an html tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the title of page and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    we should place an h1 and maybe navigation.
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is an attribute on a tag that can be used to target it.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    elements can only have one id
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You should use it once.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is like an id but may be used multiple times.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    you can add it to any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you like but itll screw everything up.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You use _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    it is for web acessability and describing things that search engines can't see such as pictures and videos.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    you reference an id with #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is used for breaking up sections on a page semanticlly a div is for usually javascript.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is used requring things such as multiple buttons that have the same functionality. ID is for a one of a kind tag that is different like one button that does one thing. Id's are useful for finding mapped over info because it is assigned a new id+1 in each iteration.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    via dot and then the thing you want. ie .example
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child selector is for selecting 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar links{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it is a selector that triggers specific states such as :hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    With line hieght
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
with letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-select: Capitalize/lowercase/uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border style
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    with splat *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    With /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -f filename. you should do this with system 32.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    version control is a good safe guard or backup in case code breaks(which it does)
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    20 mins is usually a good time frame, or when a specific small probelm has been achieved.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push orgin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    create a directory
    add a team lead as collaborator
    clone repo
    create a branch
    submit pulls
    tl approves pulls
    student feels great!

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
